create-rust-functions (#3475)
Codecademy/docs: content/rust/concepts/functions/functions.md

In the example given below, we have a variable `number`, which is initially `5`. A _reference_ to the variable `number` is passed to the `make_zero()` function. The function now operates on the original variable, After the function is called it returns back to main method, the value of the original variable will be the zero.

```rust
fn main(){
   let mut number:i32 = 5;
   make_zero(&mut number);
   println!("The value of number is:{}",number);
}

fn make_zero(mut param_num:&mut i32) {
   *param_num = 0;
   println!("param_num value is :{}",param_num);
}
```

The output will be-

```pseudo
param_num value is:0
The value of number is:0
```

Note that, `*` operator is used to access value stored in the memory location that variable `param_num` points to. This is also known as _dereferencing_.

## Functions with return values

Functions can return values to the code that calls them. Its arguments are type annotated, just like variables, and, if the function returns a value, the return type must be specified after an arrow `->`. In Rust, the return value of the function is determined by the value of the final expression in the block of the body of a function.

> Here's an example defining funtion with return values,

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here's an example defining function with return values:
```

```rust
fn number() -> i32 {
    5
}

fn main() {
    let x = number();

    println!("The value of x is: {x}");
}
```

There is no function calls, macros, or even let statements in the function `number`, just the number 5 itself, And that’s a perfectly valid function in Rust.

> Now, look at another example-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, look at another example:
```

```rust
fn main() {
    let x = add_one(5);

    println!("The value of x is: {x}");
}

fn add_one(x: i32) -> i32 {
    x + 1
}
```

> The output the above code will print `The value of x is: 6`. But if we place a _semicolon_ at the end of the line containing `x + 1`, changing it from an _expression_ to a _statement_, we’ll get an error!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output the above code will print `The value of x is: 6`. However, if  a _semicolon_ at is placed at the end of the line containing `x + 1`, it will switch from an _expression_ to a _statement_, and will result in an error!
```

> Note that, Expressions do not include ending semicolons. If you add a semicolon to the end of an expression, you turn it into a statement, and it will then not return a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that expressions do not include ending semicolons. Adding a semicolon to the end of an expression turns it into a statement, and it will not return a value.
```

---
Title: 'Functions'
Description: 'Blocks of reusable code that can be used to repeat processes throughout a script or program.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'rust-for-programmers'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

Functions are blocks of reusable code that can be used to repeat processes throughout a script or program.

## Syntax

> Functions in Rust are declared using the `fn` keyword. Every Rust program has at least one function: the _main_ function, which is the entry point of many programs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Functions in Rust are declared using the `fn` keyword. Every Rust program has at least one function: the `main` function, which is the entry point of many programs.
```

```rust
 fn main(){
    println("hello, world!");
 }
```

## Naming Functions

Rust uses the _snake_case_ convention for function and variable names, in which all letters are lowercase and underscores separate words. Here’s a program that contains an example function definition:

```rust
 fn main(){
    println("hello, world!");

    another_function();
 }

 fn another_function(){
    println("This is another function");
 }
```

Note that, `another_function` can also be declared before or after the function `main`. Rust doesn't care about where it is defined, it just needs to be somewhere in the scope.

> ## Functions as Parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Function Parameters
```

Here's an example declares a variable `number`, which is initially `5`. The variable is passed as a parameter (by value) to the `make_zero()` function, which changes the value to zero. After the function is called, control returns back to the main method and the value will be the same.

```rust
fn main(){
   let number:i32 = 5;
   make_zero(number);
   println!("The value of number is:{}",number);
}

fn make_zero(mut param_num: i32) {
   param_num = 0;
   println!("param_num value is :{}",param_num);
}
```

The output will be:

```pseudo
param_num value is :0
The value of number is:5
```

Note that, `mut` keyword is used to bind value to a variable name which specified the value can be modified inside the function.

### Pass by reference

When parameters are passed by reference, unlike value parameters, a new storage location is not created for these parameters. The reference parameters represent same memory location as the actual parameters. Parameter values can be passed by reference by prefixing the variable name with an `&`.

> In the example given below, there is variable `number`, which is initially `5`. A _reference_ to the variable `number` is passed to the `make_zero()` function. The function now operates on the original variable. After the function is called it returns back to main method, the value of the original variable will be zero.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example given below, there is variable `number`, which is initially `5`. A **reference** to the variable `number` is passed to the `make_zero()` function. The function now operates on the original variable. After the function is called it returns back to main method, the value of the original variable will be zero.
```

---
Title: 'Functions'

> Description: 'Functions are the block of reusable code that can perform similar related actions.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Functions are blocks of reusable code that can be used to repeat processes throughout a script or program.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'

>   - 'Data Science'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: subjects is limited to two items

  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'rust-for-programmers'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'rust-for-programmers'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

---

> **Rust functions** are declared using the `fn` keyword. Its arguments are type annotated, just like variables, and, if the function returns a value, the return type must be specified after an arrow `->`.

Reviewer: The entry should start with an expanded version of the description used in the metadata above. Then there should be a ## Syntax header. All of the content on lines 15 and 16 can follow the header. Generally, we also include a pseudo code block with the general syntax laid out.

It may be helpful to review an existing concept entry-
https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp/functions

> Rust code uses _snake_case_ as the conventional style for function and variable names, in which all letters are lowercase and underscores separate words.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust code uses the _snake_case_  convention for function and variable names, in which all letters are lowercase and underscores separate words.
```

> 

Reviewer: Generally, there should be a couple of sections all separated by a header that will highlight a particular aspect of functions with this language, such as return values, best practices, etc
